Wukong ducked away, pulled out a handful of hairs, threw them into the entrance and chewed them up, looked into the air and sprayed them, calling out: "Change!" They turned into hundreds of monkeys, crowding around a demon king, pulling arms and legs, picking noses and eyes, Wukong grabbed the knife, cut the demon king into two pieces, and then killed the demon completely. He shuddered and pulled back the hairs. Thirty or fifty of them could not be brought back, because they had been taken captive by the demon king. He let the monkey move the guy, close his eyes, recite the mantra, drive the wind, back to the flower and fruit mountain. All the monkeys in the water curtain cave big feast for the Monkey King. The Monkey King said the experience of learning the Tao, and said: "Now we have a surname, my name is Sun Wukong." All the monkeys were happy and said, "Your King is Lao Sun, and we are the second Sun, third Sun, Son Sun, little Sun... A family, a family of grandchildren!" From the next day, Wukong began to cut bamboo as a spear, whittle wood as a knife, and teach the monkeys to practice martial arts. One day, he said, "Although we have mastered martial arts, how can we fight against the enemy with bamboo spears and wooden swords?" Four old monkeys came up, two red-ass macaques and two arm-passing apes, and said, "Two hundred miles to the east is the land of Olai, and there will be blacksmiths in the land." Your Majesty can go and buy some weapons and teach us how to use them to defend the shanzhai." Wukong a somersault came to the proud country, see the country in the six streets three cities, very lively. Wouldn't it be better to have a few of them already available? Then a strong wind blew, until the sky was dark, the sun and the moon were dark, and every family closed its doors. He pressed down the head of the cloud, found the armory of the palace, pulled out a monkey hair, turned into countless small monkeys, carried countless spears, swords and halberds, and drove the wind back to the flower and fruit Mountain. Wukong would gather all the monkeys, counting more than 47,000, so he organized a team for his children and grandchildren, distributed weapons, and practiced. This alerted the nearby demon king, Wolf, worm, tiger, leopard... A total of 72 holes, all worship Wukong, pay tribute every year, 4 o 'clock. The flower and fruit Mountain is thriving. One day, Wukong sighed again: "You all have weapons, but I can't use this sword. What should I do?" Four old monkeys said: "The king is immortal, mortal weapons do not go well." Our iron bridge leads directly to the East China Sea Dragon Palace, why don't you go to the Dragon Palace to borrow a weapon?" Wukong overjoyed, came to the end of the bridge, made a water avoidance method, jumped into the water, came to the bottom of the sea. A sea cruiser asked, "Where are you from?" Wukong said: "I am Huaguo Mountain born sage Sun Wukong, is your dragon king's old neighbor." The night fork ran back to the Crystal Palace, reported the East China Sea dragon King Ao Guang. Ao Guang will lead the dragon son, the dragon sun, the shrimp and the crab will come out. When Wukong entered the Dragon Palace and sat down, the dragon King asked, "When will the immortal be enlightened?" What are you learning?" Wukong said, "I became a monk and cultivated myself into a body that is neither born nor destroyed. With no weapon to protect the cave. I have long heard that there are many treasures in the neighboring palace, and I can borrow one if I don't need it." The dragon king could not refuse, so he ordered Siniperca to take out a big rod knife. Wukong said: "Lao Sun can't use the sword." The dragon king ordered culter Taiwei and eels to carry out a pole with nine forks. Wukong tried, too light. In ancient times, the world was divided into four major continents: Shengshen Island in the east, Niuhe Island in the west, Zhanbu Island in the south, and Julu Island in the north. Dongsheng Shenzhou has a proud country, there is a mountain in the sea, called flower and fruit Mountain. On the mountain, there are four hours of immaculate vegetation, eight sections of continuous melons and fruits, deer and cranes in pairs, apes and monkeys. On the top of the hill there was a fairy stone, three feet six feet five inches high, according to three hundred and sixty-five degrees; Around two zhangs four feet long, according to 24 solar terms; There are nine entrances and eight holes in life, according to nine palace gossip. This huge stone by the spirit of heaven and earth, the essence of the sun and the moon, suddenly a day burst, producing a stone egg, into the wind into a stone monkey. The stone monkey opened his eyes, and two golden rays directly hit the ox. 
