The Jade Emperor was sitting in the Temple of the Spirit of Heaven. He was startled and went to look at it with his clairvoyant eyes. The clairvoyant and the wind ear came back and reported: "This is the light emitted from the eyes of a born stone monkey in Huaguo Mountain, and once you eat the food on Earth, the golden light will not be there." The Jade Emperor did not care. When the stone monkey was born, it would run and jump, follow the ape to eat fruits, drink mountain springs, and enjoy itself. One day, the stone monkey followed the group to take a bath in a mountain stream and washed for a while to find the source of water. The monkeys went up the river and saw a waterfall flying down the hill ahead. The monkeys said, "Whoever can come in and see and not hurt himself, we will worship him as king." The stone monkey came forward, closed his eyes, and jumped into the waterfall, but there was no water inside, and there was an iron bridge. After the bridge, there is a cave, the entrance of a stone tablet, engraved: "Flower and fruit mountain, water curtain cave." Into the cave, inside the stone table stone chair, stone pot stone stove, stone basin stone bowl everything. The stone monkey jumped out and spoke to all the monkeys. All the monkeys jumped into the waterfall one after another, into the hole, and fought for the bowl one by one. The stone monkey sat down on a stone chair in the middle of the cave and said, "You have said, who can enter the cave and worship him will be king." I have found such a good home for you, why don't you worship me as king?" All the monkeys knelt down together, knocked their heads, and called the stone Monkey King Chitose. The stone monkey did not like the stone word, so he changed his name to Monkey King. In the mountains, regardless of the years, the blink of an eye is hundreds of years. One day, the Monkey King was playing with a group of monkeys when suddenly tears fell from his eyes. All the monkeys knelt down and asked, "Why is your Majesty troubled?" The Monkey King said, "Although the law of the earth does not care about us, the King of Hell Lao Zi can control us, and one day he will die of old age and blood decay." An armed ape stood up and said, "Your Majesty, only gods, immortals and Buddhas do not belong to the King of Hell, and live as long as heaven and earth." If we want to avoid samsara and not be born or destroyed, we have to go to the ancient cave of Xianshan to learn the art and learn the magic of immortality, and the King of Hell will no longer control us." All the monkeys said with one voice, "Good! Tomorrow we will find more fruits and have a feast to bid farewell to your Majesty."