The next day, all the monkeys gathered strange flowers and fruits, held a feast, and took turns to present flowers and toast to the Monkey King and drink for a day. Then the monkeys took the dead wood and the rotten plants, made a raft, and piled a lot of fruit on the raft for the Monkey King as dry food. The Monkey King threw out his raft and floated into the vast sea. Just as the wind was flowing smoothly, he arrived at Namsangbu Chau in a few days. When the Monkey King landed on the shore, he saw someone on the beach drying salt, mending nets, and digging clams. He ran over and grimaced, making everyone run away. One who could not escape was caught by him, stripped his clothes, put them on, waddled, walked through the state, and soon learned human etiquette and language. He looked everywhere for Xianshan cave, straight looking for eight or nine years also failed to find, then make a raft, floating to the West Niu He Zhou, and looked for many days. One day, the Monkey King came to a high mountain. Seeing the beautiful scenery, he climbed up the mountain. Suddenly listening to someone singing in the forest, listening attentively, it is clearly to persuade people to forget the fame and disgrace in the world, and cultivate fairies into Tao. He hurried to see a woodcutter cutting wood, knelt down and worshipped: "Old fairy, disciples can find you." The woodcutter threw down his axe and said, "I am not a fairy, but the fairy taught me to sing this song." This mountain is called Lingtai Fangcun Mountain, and there is a slanting moon three Stars cave, and in the cave there is a Subhuti, who is a living deity." The Monkey King asked for the path, thanked the woodcutter, and ran to the cave. Remember: Lingtai square inch refers to the heart, oblique moon three stars is the "heart" character of the stroke, in fact, is the "heart" mountain "heart" hole. The Monkey King found the cave, saw that the cave door was closed, did not dare to knock, went up to the pine tree to pick pine nuts to eat. After a while, the door of the cave opened, and a fairy child came out and asked, "Who is messing with the door?" The Monkey King jumped down and said, "I have come to learn the Tao. I dare not make trouble." The Fairchild said, "My master is preaching, saying that a spiritual practitioner has come outside the door and asked me to receive him." The Monkey King quickly adjusted his clothes and hat and followed the fairy child into the cave. Seeing an old fairy sitting on the stage with about thirty fairies standing on both sides, he took a few steps, knelt down, kowtowed repeatedly, and said: "Master, master, disciple Zhi Xin Li, Zhi Xin Li." 