Wukong stays, and you all go to cultivate." After they had left, the master said, "What can you do? Dare to show off such a skill in front of others?" Wukong said: "Please forgive Master." The master said: "I don't blame you, you go." Wukong was surprised and asked, "Where should you let your disciples go?" "Go back to where you came from." Wukong suddenly remembered that it had been twenty or thirty years since he left Huaguo Mountain, and said, "Disciple has been away from home for more than twenty years. Although he misses his children and grandchildren, Master's great kindness has not been reported, and Disciple dare not leave." The master said, "What kindness have I to you? You just have to keep me out of trouble. Remember, no matter where you go, you are not to say you are my disciple; if you utter a word, I will file down your skin and bones so that you will never get back!" Wukong said, "Disciples dare not mention a word about Master, just say that I practiced it myself." Wukong said goodbye to Master, pulled up the somersault cloud, and returned to the flower fruit Mountain within an hour. He laid down the cloud, but heard the cranes shrieking and the apes crying sadly, "My children, I have come back!" Then I saw thousands of monkeys coming from the edge of the cliff and the bushes and trees, and surrounded the Monkey King, knelt down, and said: "Your Majesty, you have been gone for so long, and we have suffered." Recently, there was a demon who tried to occupy our cave, and stole many creatures and nephews. If your Majesty does not return for a few more years, even the cave will be his." Wukong asked angrily, "What demon is it? Dare you be so rude?" The monkeys said: "He calls himself the Devil of the world, and lives in the north, coming from the clouds and going from the fog, and I don't know how far away." Wukong ran a somersault to the north, saw a high mountain, and fell down, after a while to the water dirty cave, see a few small demons are playing at the entrance, he said: "Express to your home what mixed bird demon, say the Huaguo Mountain water curtain cave master revenge!" The demon hurried into the cave to report. The demon King put on his cloak and came out of the cave with a big sword in his hand. He saw that the Monkey King was less than four feet tall, and he was all skin and bones, and he did not take his weapon. 