Everyone complained Wukong against the master, the master gas away, only Wukong broke the master's riddle, secretly happy. That night, Wukong and his disciples went to sleep, about three watch, quietly climbed up, went out of the front door, went to the back door, the back door was not closed, walked in, saw Master facing inward asleep, knelt down in front of the bed. After a while, the master woke up and Wukong said, "Master, disciple has been waiting on his knees for a long time." The master sat up and asked, "You monkey, what are you doing here if you don't sleep well?" Wukong said, "Master gives me three blows on the head, which means that at the third watch, he enters the middle door with his hands behind his back and tells me to go through the back door." Master gave me permission in public, so I came boldly." The master's heart was happy, and he imparted the secret of immortality to Wukong. Wukong remembered the secret, thanked his master, went out the back door, saw that the sky was shining slightly, went back to his residence, shook the bed and shouted: "It is dawn, get up, get up!" How did the disciples know that Goku had learned magic while they were asleep? Three years passed in the blink of an eye. That day, the master ascended to the altar and said, "Wukong, how is your cultivation going?" Wukong knelt down and replied, "The roots of the disciples have gradually strengthened." The master said, "You have learned the way to live forever, but there will be three great disasters. Five hundred years later, a thunderstorm will strike you; In another five hundred years, heaven will come down and burn you; In another 500 years, the sky will blow on you. It will kill you every time. You must learn how to avoid it." Wukong shuddered, hurriedly kowtowed and said: "Master compassion, teach the apprentice to avoid the law of disaster." The master said, "To avoid disasters, you must learn to change. I have two kinds of changes: one is the thirty-six general changes, according to the number of Tiangang; One is the seventy-two changes, which should be counted by the earth." Wukong said: "Disciples learn a lot." The master said: "You ear here." The master whispered the formula in his ear. Wukong is a orifice through a hundred orifice through, remember the formula, self-cultivation, soon learned the 81 general changes. One day, Wukong was playing with the other brothers in front of the cave, the master came and asked: "Wukong, have you learned?" Wukong said, "Thanks to Master's teachings, my disciples can already ride the clouds." "Let me see." Wukong scrambled for a while, only to fly up to five or six feet high, back and forth not two or three miles. The master said, "What kind of driving cloud is this? You can travel all over the world in one day. I see that you are a monkey, so pass you on." Pass the formula to Goku. As spring turned to summer, the weather grew hotter. That day, Wukong and his disciples were playing under the pine tree. Everyone said: "Wukong, master teaches you to change, you become a pine tree." Wukong read a spell, shake the body, as expected into a pine tree. Everyone shouted in unison: "Good monkey, become good!" The master came up and asked angrily, "Why are you making so much noise?" They bowed their heads and did not dare to make a sound. Wukong is busy changing back to his true self. The master scolded: "You are not like practitioners at all, Shouting loudly. 