The Monkey King jumped up and punched him in the face. The demon king said: "You are so small, I will kill you with a knife and make a joke, I will fight all the way with you." The devil puts down his knife, throws off his rack and fights. Wukong thin stature, drill to drill to drill, hit the ribs and crotch, not a few rounds, the demon king played several punches. The demon king was hurt by the beating, grabbed the knife, and cut the head. Wukong made a magic, the stick danced, scared the dragon king scared, fish, turtle, shrimp and crabs run everywhere. Wukong returned to the Crystal Palace, sat down and said, "Gao Neighbor lent Lao Sun his weapon, and then lent me a pair of armor." The dragon King said, "God, I really don't have any armor. Go to another sea and have a look." Wukong said: "One guest does not bother two masters, I will find you." The Dragon King said, "I really have not." Wukong said: "Is it true? Then let you try this stick!" The dragon King was frightened and said, "I will bring my three brothers to see if they have any." The dragon king will strike the golden bell and the turtle will beat the iron drum. Soon after, Ao Qin, the dragon king of the South China Sea, Ao Shun, the Dragon king of the North Sea, and Ao Run, the dragon king of the West Sea, came one after another and asked, "Big Brother, what's the big deal that you have called us here?" The Dragon King said that Sun Wukong borrowed his weapons and his armor. Ochin was very angry and said, "We have ordered our soldiers and captured him alive!" Ao Guang said, "No, no! The stick is too heavy for anyone to stop." Ao Ran said, "Let's throw together a pair of armor and give it to him, send him away, then report to the Jade Emperor of Ming, and send heavenly troops to kill him." Three dragon king together a pair of gold chain mail, a phoenix wing purple gold crown, a pair of lotus silk step cloud shoes. Wukong dressed neatly and said, "Excuse me!" Dance the rod and leave the Crystal Palace. Wukong returned to the water curtain cave, and all the monkeys saw the King's armour shining and prostrate themselves together. Wukong said after borrowing treasure, all the monkeys are more happy. Goku makes the stick small, until it is as small as an embroidery needle, which can be hidden in the ears. He came outside the hole, made the rod bigger, and himself made an avatar, becoming tall, and the rod lasted thirty-three days, and went down to the eighteen layers of hell. Mountain demons saw, scared out of their wits, hurriedly came to worship. The Monkey King ordered all the monkeys to make a feast and drink with the demons. Because of the four old monkeys, he sealed the two monkeys for the horse, the flow of two marshal, sealed the two apes for the collapse, the two generals, the mountain affairs are entrusted to the four old monkeys to do. He put down his heart, all day long, roam the four seas, visit heroes, make friends, and the bull demon King, the dragon demon King, the Peng demon King, the llama king, the macaque king, the marmoset king as seven brothers, talk about literature and martial arts, drinking for fun. One day, Wukong entertained six demon Kings in the Water Curtain Cave and got drunk. After the six Kings had left, he lay down in the shade of the pine trees beside the iron bridge and soon fell asleep. Four old monkeys sent all the monkeys to protect the Monkey King, no one dared to raise his voice. Wukong was still drunk and bleary-eyed when he saw two men coming, holding an official document with the words "Sun Wukong" written on it. They could not say anything, so they put on a rope and pulled him up and left. He stumbled after him, came to a city, looked up, and saw the words "Underworld" written on the city. His heart was shocked and he woke up from his wine and asked, "Why have you brought me here?" The two men said, "Your days are numbered. By the command of the King of Hell, we have captured you." Wukong was very angry and said: "I have achieved immortality, you dare to hook me!" Just take the stick out of your ear, shake it around, make it a bowl, and just beat them to a pulp.