 Then he unropes, swings his club, and hits the city. Niutou horse face scared shitless, rushed to the temple of the forest report: "A face of hair thunder in!" Yama hurriedly straightened up his clothes and came out, saying, "Who is the immortal?" Wukong asked angrily: "You don't even know who I am, but you hook me up?" The ten Kings said, "I dare not, I think the messenger must have mistaken him for someone else." Wukong said: "Nonsense, you do not command, they dare to hook me?" Show me the book of life and death!" Yama invited Wukong to sit down in the temple and ordered the judge to fetch the book of life and death. Wukong checked the human, no, checked the animal, no, and checked the bird, not yet, and finally checked the monkey soul word No. 1,350, found out that Sun Wukong is a stone monkey, Yang Shou 342 years old, a good death. Just say, "I don't remember how many years I've lived, so just cancel my name!" To write, the name of the monkey is erased, throwing the book of life and death, swinging the rod and playing the underworld. Walking, accidentally tripped, woke up suddenly. The four old monkeys shouted: "The king slept all day and night before waking up." Wukong told the story of the underworld in his dream and said, "From now on, we are no longer subject to the jurisdiction of the King of Hell!" Until now, many monkeys on the mountain live forever, because Wukong destroyed the book of life and death. On this day, the jade Emperor was sitting in the Temple of the Spirit of Heaven, the East China Sea Dragon King Ao Guang played on a book, saying that Sun Wukong strongly seized the sea God needle, making a big noise in the dragon Palace, please Jade Emperor send troops to capture. Then, the King of Qin Guang, the director of the ghost department, went to the table of the Bodhisattva of the Earth, saying that Sun Wukong had made a big noise in the underworld, and had sold the book of life and death, and asked the Jade Emperor to send troops to suppress it. The Jade Emperor asked, "What's going on with Sun Wukong?" The clairvoyant eye and the wind ear stood up and said, "This Monkey King is a stone monkey born in the Huaguo Mountain more than three hundred years ago. I don't know where he learned magic, and he made a big fuss." The Jade Emperor asked again, "Which god will take him over?" Taibai Jinxing Li Changgeng stood up and said: "Since ancient times, all those who have nine orifice can cultivate immortals." This monkey is born of heaven and earth, and when the sun and moon are pregnant, Your Majesty can be merciful and issue a decree of peace, declare him to heaven, and give him an official title at will. If he is obedient, he will be rewarded later, but if he is disobedient, he may be arrested at any time." The Jade Emperor said, "That makes sense." On the life of Wenquxing wrote the edict, sent Venus to Huaguo mountain to recruit the Monkey King. Jin Xing brought the imperial decree, came to the flower and fruit Mountain, saw the monkeys playing in front of the water curtain cave, and said: "I am the angel sent by the Jade Emperor, please your king heaven." Monkey reported into the cave, Sun Wukong busy full dress, to meet the hole. Venus read the decree and said, "Please be sealed with me in heaven." Wukong said, "Thank you for your kindness. Little ones, arrange a feast!" Venus said: "The imperial decree in the body, dare not stay long, please your Majesty immediately with me heaven." Wukong told the four old monkeys: "I will leave the family affairs to you, until I know the way to heaven first, and then I will take you to heaven together." Venus took the Monkey King to heaven.The dragon king ordered the commander and general carp to carry out a square sky painting halberd, Wukong is still too light. The Dragon King said, "That fork weighs 3,600 jin, and the halberd weighs 7,200 jin. There is no other heavy weapon in my palace." Wukong said: "As the old saying goes: 'The dragon King has no treasure! 'Look again." Long Po said: "That piece of Tianhe Dinghai magic iron, these days the sky and light, should not be on him?" The dragon King said: "That is the stator of Yu the Great to determine the depth of the river, what use can it be?" The dragon wife said: "Whether it is useful or not, give it to him and tell him to leave early." The dragon King told Wukong, Wukong said: "Bring me to see." The dragon King said, "I can't take it. Please go and see for yourself." Wukong and the dragon King came to the middle of the sea, and when they saw the golden light, they reached forward and touched it. It was an iron pillar, about the thickness of a dou and the length of two cubits. They said: "It would be better if it were smaller." At the end of the speech, the baby was a few feet short and a circle thin. Wukong said: "Thinner better." The baby had really grown thinner. He pulled out the treasure and saw that it was an iron rod with gold hoops at both ends, on which was engraved the words: "Ruyi golden cudgel, weighing 13,500 catties." "Thinner would be better," he said as he walked. The stick is a little thinner.