 The celestial asked, "What is your name? Where is it from?" The Monkey King said: "Disciple Dongsheng Shenzhou proud to come to the country Huachio mountain water curtain cave man." The fairy said, "This is a liar and a troublemaker. Dongsheng Shenzhou is separated from here by two seas, a South Zhanbu Zhou. How did you come here?" "Disciples traveled across the ocean and searched everywhere, and it took them eight or nine years to reach this place." "If that's the case, it's all right. What's your last name?" "Disciple has no name." "Did you come from a tree?" "I was born out of a stone." The celestial was secretly pleased and said, "I see you are born like a monkey, so I will manul to the dog. There are twelve characters under my family, until you are the tenth generation, just 'Wu' word, I will give you a dharma name Sun Wukong." The Monkey King kowtowed in gratitude and was called Sun Wukong from then on. Sun Wukong learned art in the three stars cave of the oblique moon, and every day he burned incense, read the scriptures and listened to the Tao, raised flowers and repaired trees, gathered firewood and lit fires, and suddenly six or seven years passed. On this day, the master ascended the altar to preach, talking about the magic, Sun Wukong could not help but scratch his ears, dance and smile. The master asked angrily, "Sun Wukong, why are you making trouble and not listening to me?" Wukong said, "Disciple couldn't help himself when he heard Master's speech. How dare he make trouble?" The master asked, "How long have you been here?" Wukong said: "Remember to cut wood in Nanshan, I ate peach seven times." "That's seven years. What do you want to learn?" "As long as I can become a fairy, I will learn anything." "I have three hundred and sixty skills, which one do you want to learn?" Then, the master said the "art" gate, "flow" gate, "static" gate, "moving" gate and other side doors, said the benefits of each door. Wukong asked, these side door can not live forever, even said: "Do not learn, do not learn!" The master got angry, jumped from the pulpit and cursed, "You baobab, do not learn this, do not learn that, what do you want?" Pick up the ruler, according to Wukong's head hit three times, walked into the inner room with his hands behind his back, closed the middle door behind him. 
